flavor and tennis is 8 years old and is here
with her friend to dance merengue flavor
and denis today is here in sabadazo
dancing with the great
my love
and all
I do not want to cheat this situation anymore
hidden
when
how
I want that notice
the meringue dance a merengue very
different cristina is now I do not know if
are going to win today but what
What I do know is that friendship will grow
I still did not like merengue as
I said it in a very different merengue and
well he knows that they enjoyed it and
Congratulations, congratulations to both of you
thanks a good job
it's about presenting
I liked that they had fun
flavor and fun as if you were
I do not know an amusement park me
I really liked seeing your expression as
they enjoyed the very well coordinated they
he saw that the essay is worth seeing them and
quite dominating the nerves I like
very much your participation
forward roberto tennis player and cristina me
he really liked that instead of coming a
girl like a boy two friends came
that have met to bring us this
spectacular number of merengue that
you just did if you were in
the door of a school there is a saying that
it says it's going to last little because that meringue
they eat it, you have to eat it
because they were excessively
sensational with this
Congratulations
come for the two girls to come
because we want to be a question that has
past today is very excited because
one of his dreams was to go out in the
television so yes yes and they had
all your friends who do want to give them
greetings and once to all of them and
apart it is a girl very dear to her
family you have an aunt who love you
very much is your godmother true and how do you
call your godmother
pink sofia
sofía your godmother sofía you love her so much
yes
because you're sad what happened
is that you have not seen her for a long time
you have how much you have without seeing your
Aunt Sofia
already more than a year two years ago how much
make
the strange one is very much you would like
I was here with you to ask for a
hug
Well, what do you want, she said today was a
very special day for you and who wanted
be in dancing with the greats to
give you a hug in person we receive with
a strong applause
to the earth
sunny day
from
Now come with us tantito
welcome what a pleasure we have
accompanied and give you this joy
so far on this night
now that the day is celebrated
international women
mmm do with me tell me what it means
to have a niece is a warrior who
she is very happy and I love her
waiting for me, my girl is all
it's all in the world because
she the landscape this this place she already
she is a winner
I want my site to be looking at
sofía dance equal to people now and
dance like a whirligig and
you are going behind the scenes beautiful
because we did not have the happiness of
to know these places until today
for 53 years I am knowing this
because there in my town there is no
there was the possibility of seeing the
television now there and this program to
I love it and I see it every 8 days
Well yes the truth I always
I was wondering why someone in my family
does not get to step on that place
and now my girl has given me the lady in
this program of joke characters from
music the main intention is to unite
the family have a little fun and today
has achieved that we have joined two years
after not having seen many
thank you for being here thank you very much
what do you want to say something to your aunt
we are all suffering but love of
and today found joy after
so much time our dad that you lacked
a bib so that it appears baba with your
daughter the truth to me is a pride
have seen that my little girl despite
I was very young
you win and here it is here is all your
effort here is proving that you
He has really wanted and that's why he has
the right to be here and have the
right to be brought to her aunt
godmother who loves so much karen must cry
and suffer for your sister but from
joy truth yes how did you see it
very well you are happy if not all
they can win but being here they have already won
it means being a winner and you too